Add readme for room manager (#16)
fishjam-cloud/python-server-sdk: examples/README.md

Reviewer: We could link to the js room manager

# Fishjam Room Manager

## Running (in dev mode)
All available options are defined in [arguments.py](room_manager/arguments.py).

> ```sh

Reviewer: **nitpick**
So far in most places I think we are using `console` for commands markdown. However idk if there is any difference at all
```suggestion
```console
```

poetry install
poetry run room_manager # Room Manager has to be started in the project root directory
```

## How does it work?

Fishjam Room Manager serves the purpose of a simple backend that allows users to create and/or join Fishjam rooms.
Users must provide a room name and their username to obtain an authentication token that allows them to connect to a Fishjam instance.
Room Manager manages the room names and user names by itself by keeping the mappings in memory.

> As of now, it exposes 3 endpoints.

Reviewer: Only 2 are listed below

### '/api/rooms/:roomName/users/:username'

> Simple as that - send a plain GET request and receive an auth token.
> Room Manager will search its memory for the username for the requested room and return a token.
> Otherwise, it will create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns authentication token for a username in a given room. If the user doesn't exist yet, it will be created.
```
